# Airbnb platform price prediction MLOp Project
This is the repo environment for MLOp project
## Introduction
Based on todays' requirements of industries and businesses, people have more plans on traveling and accommodation. Therefore, the platforms such as Airbnb have been played more and more important role for both property owners and travelers by offering wide range of features and search engines based on the context. However, we are also facing the challenges in determining the optimal price for the listing property. In this project, we are trying to address some problems that could happen in our real life. Nowadays, there is more and more Internet kind of stuff appearing across all kinds of industries. There are fewer and fewer physical things that we need to keep in our daily lives. For example, we can use PayPal to make a payment without any cash, we can do shopping online and we can even have a room tour without going to the house in person. Therefore, we want to have a project on the topic of the Internet, which is about the online booking app/system - Airbnb. We want to do some manipulation of the data and have a machine learning model to predict the price of the house for renting.
## Installation
The tools that are used in this project are Python, Airflow, Docker, Git and these are the installations that a user need to have.
## usage guidelines
The users must have updated python version and you can check the version by typing the python --version in terminal or python3 --version in zsh. The user also need to clone the git repo from github by using git clone . Then you also need to run the docker and airflow to have the ETL pipeline works. 
